Add note on required input for RTR `put` command (#17243)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/Integrations/CrowdStrikeFalcon/README.md

| host_ids | A comma-separated list of host agent IDs for which to run commands. (Can be retrieved by running the 'cs-falcon-search-device' command.) | Required | 
| command_type | The type of command to run. | Required | 
| full_command | The full command to run. | Required | 

> | scope | The scope for which to run the command. Possible values are: "read", "write", and "admin". Default is "read". (NOTE: To run the CrowdStrike RTR `put` command, it is nessary to pass `scope=admin`.) | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scope | The scope for which to run the command. Possible values are: "read", "write", and "admin". Default is "read". (NOTE: In order to run the CrowdStrike RTR `put` command, it is necessary to pass `scope=admin`.) | Optional | 
```

Author: Much better, thank you.
